Update slack_etiquette.md to include note on slack messages not being deletable. (#144)
pyladies/global-organizing: process/slack_etiquette.md

Conversely, if a channel is particularly quiet, please do not post "this channel is quiet".  Instead, try posting a question/article/or discussion point that others in the channel might comment on or enjoy.

### :star2: Messages in Slack cannot be deleted

> We allow users to edit their messages for a short period of time after posting, ie to fix typos. But we keep messages as *proof*, for when people post inappropriate content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We allow users to edit their messages for a short period of time after posting, i.e. to fix typos. We store messages as *historical records*; so please refrain from posting inappropriate content.
```

> We allow users to edit their messages for a short period of time after posting, ie to fix typos. But we keep messages as *proof*, for when people post inappropriate content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We allow users to edit their messages for a short period of time after posting, i.e. to fix typos. We store messages as *historical records*; so please refrain from posting inappropriate content.
```

> We allow users to edit their messages for a short period of time after posting, i.e. to fix typos. We store messages as *historical records*; so please refrain from posting inappropriate content.

Reviewer 2: @willingc thanks for the review, updated the text as per your review 🙏
